instructions :
1. drag the empty pan to the board
2. click on the pan to get the water boiling
3. waters boiling (5 seconds)
4. add ramen
5.ramen cooking (5 seconds)
6.drag the bowl to add ramen in it
7.add spices
8.add egg
7. you did it!

code:
1. if board empty show instruction "Put the empty pan on stove to get started"
2. if empty pot is clicked make it draggable-> if brought close to board then place on board in middle
3. if empty pot on board show instruction "click on the pot to get the water boiling"
4. if click on empty pot on board change to boiling-pot
5. if boiling pot on board show instruction "now add the ramen to the bowl"
6.if ramen is clicked make it draggable-> if brought close to boiling pot on board change to ramen pot
7. if ramen pot on board show instruction "cnow add the ramen to bowl by dragging the bowl to the board"
8.if bowl is clicked make it draggable-> if brought close to ramen pot on board change to ramen bowl
9.if ramen bowl on board show instruction "add spices"
10.if spices is clicked make it draggable-> if brought close to ramen bowl on board do nothing (just chnage the state to ramen spices)
11.if ramen spices on board show instruction "add an egg because NUTRTION?!"
12.if egg is clicked make it draggable-> if brought close to ramen spices on board change to ramen final
13. if ramen final on board show instruction "you did it champ!"


Create the necessary images:

pot-empty.png

pot-boiling.png

pot-ramen.png

bowl-ramen.png

bowl-spices.png

bowl-final.png

The code uses:

Framer Motion for drag and drop functionality

Game state management to control the flow

Proximity detection to determine when items are near the board

Conditional rendering based on game state

Click handlers for specific interactions

Key features:

Items are only draggable when it's their turn

The instruction text updates based on the current game state

Images change based on the game state

Drag and drop detection uses the board's boundaries

Sound effects play on successful interactions


